# 02 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. Describe one challenge your team experienced working on the Vacation Calendar activity.
   The biggest challenge was communication. We had a rough time connecting with each other which resulted in
   us simply doing it pretty much on our own with some questions and answers via canvas.
2. For the Game of Life assignment, what advantages do you see in using interfaces to define creature behaviors, rather than subclasses?
   Interfaces help to make the program more ellaborate without having to be extremely reduntant. Since Java doesn't
   allow you to inherit more than one class, implementation helps solve that problem.
3. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the Game of Life Assignment? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.
   I did, it wasn't anything fancy because I was running out of time, but I created a second spawner called the
   PlagueBearer that, as you could guess, spawns zombies when it kills something.
4. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?
   I learned that I need to be patient with my ideas and learning how to implement them. I was struggling with
   the babies part of the code and managed to get a crappy version of it going, but when I compared it the the
   instructor's I realized that I had the exact idea as the instructor, just lacking the syntactical knowledge
   to implement it.
5. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?
   I still want to know how enum's work. I think I understand them as simply a class with a few variables that you
   can set things too, but I don't fully understand what all I can do with them.
6. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?
   I would add a 3rd dimention with flying creatures that could interact with the land creatures. Maybe if I still
   had time after that I would add a water area with water creatures and more land creatures to interact with the
   water creatures.
7. A common Java interview question is "describe the difference between an interface and an abstract class". How would you answer that question?
   An interface is is 100% abstract and can't implement any of it's methods whereas and abtract class has methods
   that can still be implemented in a generic way but further improved in child classes.
8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?
   The second resource with the long explaination using the Sims gain was very helpful to lay out exactly
   what an implementation is. I liked the video game example just because I spend a lot of time on them and
   as such understand them a little better.
9. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?
   The second set of stack overflow questions. Not necessarily because they weren't helpful at all, but
   because the other sources seemed the most helpful. The stack overflow website in general isn't very
   visually friendly so it is difficult for my mind to find the informatin I need.
10. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

02 Prepare - 1 Hr
02 Teach - 3 Hr
02 Prove 1st Attempt - 9 Hrs
02 Prove 2nd Attempt - 2 Hrs
02 Ponder - 1 Hrs
----------------------------
Total Hours - 16 Hrs

