# 01 Ponder : Weekly Reflection

1. For the NSA Cryptography assignment, what did you learn about how Java parameter passing differs from C++?

It is very similar to C++ paramater passing.

2. Did you complete the Stretch Challenge for the NSA Cryptography? If so, briefly describe what you did, and how you structured your code.

I attempted to complete it but I didn't manage to get to it because of the lack of time for me.

3. What did you learn from comparing your code to the teacher's solution?

I learned more about how to handle throws, catches, and exccpetions. They have never been a strong suit of mine and it was
good to see it implemented in Java as well since this is a new language and something that I am not familiar with.

4. After completing the assignments this week, what questions do you still have?

The Scanner object was a little confusing to me, as far as I understand it is like the getline() function, but
still that function and its capabilities are very new to me so I'd like to learn more about it.

5. If you were getting paid to work on this week's Prove assignment and you had another month to work on it, what would you add?

I would add an allowed attempts feature, as well as a "I'm not a robot" button. On top of that I would add a 6 month
password reset feature to ensure more security for the NSA.

6. A common Java interview question is "What are javadocs and when should they be used?". How would you answer that question?

I'm not entirely sure, but from what I understand it allows API documentation in HTML in your Java file. It doesn't
affect the programs performance because the compiler gets rid of all the comments in the code.

7. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _most_ helpful to you and why?

The video that Brother Macbeth posted was a life saver. I didn't know where I was going to start after downloading
the JDK and getting the IDE ready to go.

8. Of all of the resources in this week's Preparation assignment, which was the _least_ helpful to you and why?

The Hello World Assignment. I did it but didn't know if I did everything. I could've read throught the directions better
but I think I missed something there

9. How many hours did you spend on this class this week?

01 Prepare - 1 Hr
01 Prove 1st Attempt - 1 Hr
01 Prove 2nd Attempt - 3 Hrs
01 Ponder - 1 Hr
----------------------------
Total Hours - 6 Hrs

